The biggest poison in us is regret.
I think there are a lot of people that have dreams
and aspirations of things that they always wanted to do,
but it wasn't the right time, where they didn't have enough money
or they didn't have enough experience.
It's never the right time.
You're never going to have the right experience.
And all of a sudden you wake up and you're 70.
And you're like, God, I wish I could have done it.
It's what you don't do that screws with you later on.
I get one shot at this life.
This is it.
And I don't want to go through life being the 80% version of me.
I don't want to look back and be like 77 and be like,
I didn't do that.
There's so much I want to do and I love life so much.
I don't want to miss it.